{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10960\viewh11420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 READ ME! \
\
I taught Earth 194DE (
\f1\i Readings in Geoscience Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
\f0\i0 ) in the UCSB Earth Science department in Spring of 2022 while I was a postdoc. This was the first offering of this class and represents a nice case study for the curriculum. This 3 unit course was an informal reading group open to undergraduates and graduate students, but closed to faculty, staff, and postdocs to keep the space more confidential. We met once a week for 1.5 hours. The night before, students would have 2-5 reflection questions about the 1-2 required papers. In class, we would start with serial testimony from the reflection questions, take a break, and then move to less structured discussion of the paper. \
\
I\'92ve included in this zip file: \
- Syllabus \
- Required readings (both with and without my annotations) \
- Additional readings \
- Weekly notes (including some discussion questions/prompts) \
- Relevant resources \
- Weekly reflection quizzes\
- Student evaluations \
\
Please feel free to use any of these materials to rework the class, reteach it, or just to find interesting papers. If you want to get in touch with any questions, my email is phillips.alexandra.a@gmail.com. \
\
\
\'97\
\
Thoughts on improvements for future iterations:\
\
- Serial testimony was a big hit! Had to adjust after a few weeks to have shorter or fewer questions though - this segment took 1/3 of each class, which felt like a good balance \
\
- Reading quizzes were also generally great, encouraged students to come to class having read the paper \
\
- It would be nice to have a 10th week next time if possible, where we could read about higher academic structures - like the paper one of the students presented on about diversity statements \
\
- I liked the student presentations a lot, but there wasn\'92t much time for discussion - may need to be revisited if a larger class size (perhaps in groups) \
\
- Dynamics may be hard to manage if taught by not a postdoc - may be hard to keep the safe space feeling with a professor teaching \
\
- Students expressed that were happy with the policy that they could miss one week of class - I still asked them to do the online reflections, but gave an extra 1-2 weeks for completion (some students ended up missing 2 weeks for excused reasons and that was also OK. Nobody missed more than 2)\
\
- Would be nice to keep a google doc brainstorm (myself or with the students?) about UCSB solutions we think of as we are reading the papers - or maybe after each class \
\
- I think teaching this class every other year would be good frequency }